# Excersie 2.3

**State whether each of the following is true or false. If false, explain why. Assume the statement `using std::cout;` is used.**

- a) Comments cause the computer to print the text after the `//` on the screen when the program is executed. - **false**, In a single line comment anything after the `//` is not printed and removed by the preprocessor during compiling.
- b) Displaying the escape sequence `\n` causes the cursor to position to the beginning of the next line on the screen - **true**.
- c) All variables must be declared before they’re used. - **true**.
- d) All variables must be given a type when they’re declared. - **true**.
- e)  C++ considers the variables `number` and `NuMbEr` to be identical. - **false**, C++ is a case sensitive language, therefore `number` and `NuMbEr` are both different variables.
- f) Declarations can appear almost anywhere in the body of a C++ function. - **true**
- g) The remainder operator `%` can be used only with integer operands. - **false**, although C++ natively only supports using integer as operands, but there are other means to using a non-integer type such as float for modulus operator like using the `std::fmod` function in the <cmath> library.
- h) The arithmetic operators `*`, `/`, `%`, `+` and `–` all have the same level of precedence - **false**, the `+` and `-` operator have a lower precedence than `/`, `*` and `%`.
- i) All operators are evaluated from left to right. - **false**, assignment operator `=` evaluate from right to left.
- j) The following are all valid variable names: `_under_bar_`, `m928134`, `t5`, `j7`, `her_sales`, `his_account_total`, `a`, `b`, `c`, `z`, `z2`. - **true**.
- k) The statement `cout << "a = 5;"` is an assignment statement - **false**, The statement `std::cout << "a = 5;"` is an output statement.
- l) A valid arithmetic expression with no parentheses is evaluated from left to right - **false**, it depends on the precedence of the operators.
- m) The following are all invalid variable names: `3g`, `87`, `67h2`, `h22`, `2h`. - **false**, `h22` is a valid variable name.